chore: update all GraphqlModule and GraphqlRuntime docs (#892)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/02-guides/extend-the-graphql-schema.mdx

For that, you can create the GraphQL module definition in the file
`example-extensions/click-counter/graphql/index.ts` with the following content:

> ```typescript title="example-extensions/click-counter/graphql.ts"

Reviewer: **issue:** I think we should document as we use it in the core. All modules are in an `index.ts` so that the module definition can be in the same dir than runtime and loaders

**suggestion:** restore `graphql/index.ts` that will be more consistent with the `runtime.ts` introduced below.

_same for other occurrences_

1. add a `clickCounter` field to the existing `Product` type
2. add an `incrementProductCounter` mutation

> For that, you can add the schema the GraphQL module definition file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, you can add the type definitions as a `typeDefs` value in your GraphQL module definition.
```

:::

> First, let's update the module definition to add the runtime api:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's update the module definition to register the runtime API:
```
